chore: edited broken link in install RedisDB documentation (#2460)
across-protocol/relayer: README.md

## Prerequisites

> To install dependencies successfully, node version should be higher or equal to v20.18.0 && lower than v22. After installing dependencies and building the repository, be sure to [install RedisDB](https://redis.io/docs/latest/integrate/write-behind/installation), an in-memory storage layer that is required to make the bots work. The bots query blockchain RPCs for a lot of smart contract events so it's important that the bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install dependencies successfully, node version should be higher or equal to v20.18.0 && lower than v22. After installing dependencies and building the repository, be sure to [install RedisDB](https://redis.io/docs/latest/get-started/), an in-memory storage layer that is required to make the bots work. The bots query blockchain RPCs for a lot of smart contract events so it's important that the bot
```
